README.md, before:

<!--ts-->
   * [TensorFlow Lite for Microcontrollers](#tensorflow-lite-for-microcontrollers)
   * [Build Status](#build-status)
      * [Official Builds](#official-builds)
      * [Community Supported Builds](#community-supported-builds)
   * [Contributing](#contributing)
   * [Getting Help](#getting-help)
   * [Additional Documentation](#additional-documentation)
   * [RFCs](#rfcs)

<!-- Added by: advaitjain, at: Thu 16 Sep 2021 11:43:48 AM PDT -->

<!--te-->

# TensorFlow Lite for Microcontrollers

TensorFlow Lite for Microcontrollers is a port of TensorFlow Lite designed to
run machine learning models on DSPs, microcontrollers and other devices with
limited memory.

Additional Links:
 * [Tensorflow github repository](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/)
 * [TFLM at tensorflow.org](https://www.tensorflow.org/lite/microcontrollers)

# Build Status

 * [GitHub Status](https://www.githubstatus.com/)

## Official Builds

Build Type       |    Status     |
-----------      | --------------|
CI (Linux)       | [![CI](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg?event=schedule)](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro/actions/workflows/ci.yml?query=event%3Aschedule) |
Code Sync        | [![Sync from Upstream TF](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro/actions/workflows/sync.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro/actions/workflows/sync.yml) |

## Community Supported Builds
Build Type      |    Status     |
-----------     | --------------|
Arduino         | [![Arduino](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro-arduino-examples/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg?event=schedule)](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro-arduino-examples/actions/workflows/ci.yml) [![Antmicro](https://github.com/antmicro/tensorflow-arduino-examples/actions/workflows/test_examples.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/antmicro/tensorflow-arduino-examples/actions/workflows/test_examples.yml) |
Cortex-M        | [![Cortex-M](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro/actions/workflows/cortex_m.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro/actions/workflows/cortex_m.yml) |
ESP32           | [![ESP32](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro/actions/workflows/esp32.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro/actions/workflows/esp32.yml) |
Hexagon         | [![Hexagon](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro/actions/workflows/hexagon.yml/badge.svg?event=schedule)](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro/actions/workflows/hexagon.yml) |
RISC-V          | [![RISC-V](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro/actions/workflows/riscv.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro/actions/workflows/riscv.yml) |
Sparkfun Edge   | [![Sparkfun Edge](https://github.com/advaitjain/tflite-micro-sparkfun-edge-examples/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg?event=schedule)](https://github.com/advaitjain/tflite-micro-sparkfun-edge-examples/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
Xtensa          | [![Xtensa](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro/actions/workflows/xtensa.yml/badge.svg?event=schedule)](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro/actions/workflows/xtensa.yml?query=event%3Aschedule) [![Xtensa](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/advaitjain/tflite-micro/local-continuous-builds/tensorflow/lite/micro/docs/local_continuous_builds/xtensa-build-status.svg)](https://github.com/advaitjain/tflite-micro/tree/local-continuous-builds/tensorflow/lite/micro/docs/local_continuous_builds/xtensa.md#summary) |

# Contributing
See our [contribution documentation](CONTRIBUTING.md).

# Getting Help

A [Github issue](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro/issues/new/choose)
should be the primary method of getting in touch with the TensorFlow Lite Micro
(TFLM) team.

The following resources may also be useful:

1.  SIG Micro [email group](https://groups.google.com/a/tensorflow.org/g/micro)
    and
    [monthly meetings](http://doc/1YHq9rmhrOUdcZnrEnVCWvd87s2wQbq4z17HbeRl-DBc).

1.  SIG Micro [gitter chat room](https://gitter.im/tensorflow/sig-micro).

1. For questions that are not specific to inference with TFLM (for example
   model conversion and quantization) please use the following resources:
   * Send an email to the [TfLite Mailing List](https://groups.google.com/a/tensorflow.org/g/tflite)
   * Create a [TensorFlow Lite Converter Issue](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/issues/new?assignees=&labels=TFLiteConverter&template=60-tflite-converter-issue.md)
   * Create an issue in the [model optimization toolkit](https://github.com/tensorflow/model-optimization) GitHub repository


# Additional Documentation

 * [Continuous Integration](docs/continuous_integration.md)
 * [Benchmarks](tensorflow/lite/micro/benchmarks/README.md)
 * [Profiling](tensorflow/lite/micro/docs/profiling.md)
 * [Memory Management](tensorflow/lite/micro/docs/memory_management.md)
 * [Porting Reference Kernels from TfLite to TFLM](tensorflow/lite/micro/docs/porting_reference_ops.md)
 * [Optimized Kernel Implementations](tensorflow/lite/micro/docs/optimized_kernel_implementations.md)
 * [New Platform Support](tensorflow/lite/micro/docs/new_platform_support.md)
 * [Software Emulation with Renode](tensorflow/lite/micro/docs/renode.md)

# RFCs

1. [Pre-allocated tensors](tensorflow/lite/micro/docs/rfc/001_preallocated_tensors.md)
1. [TensorFlow Lite for Microcontrollers Port of 16x8 Quantized Operators](tensorflow/lite/micro/docs/rfc/002_16x8_quantization_port.md)

Commit message:

Separated out the TFLM examples from the kernels and unit test builds.
The kernel and unit test list is going to be smaller (and have all the
code and CI be part of the TFLM repo).

The examples list is expected to grow and will be maintained external to
the TFLM repository as described in #407.

BUG=#407

README.md, after:

<!--ts-->
   * [TensorFlow Lite for Microcontrollers](#tensorflow-lite-for-microcontrollers)
   * [Build Status](#build-status)
      * [Official Builds](#official-builds)
      * [Community Supported TFLM Examples](#community-supported-tflm-examples)
      * [Community Supported Kernels and Unit Tests](#community-supported-kernels-and-unit-tests)
   * [Contributing](#contributing)
   * [Getting Help](#getting-help)
   * [Additional Documentation](#additional-documentation)
   * [RFCs](#rfcs)

<!-- Added by: advaitjain, at: Mon 04 Oct 2021 11:23:57 AM PDT -->

<!--te-->

# TensorFlow Lite for Microcontrollers

TensorFlow Lite for Microcontrollers is a port of TensorFlow Lite designed to
run machine learning models on DSPs, microcontrollers and other devices with
limited memory.

Additional Links:
 * [Tensorflow github repository](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/)
 * [TFLM at tensorflow.org](https://www.tensorflow.org/lite/microcontrollers)

# Build Status

 * [GitHub Status](https://www.githubstatus.com/)

## Official Builds

Build Type       |    Status     |
-----------      | --------------|
CI (Linux)       | [![CI](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg?event=schedule)](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro/actions/workflows/ci.yml?query=event%3Aschedule) |
Code Sync        | [![Sync from Upstream TF](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro/actions/workflows/sync.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro/actions/workflows/sync.yml) |


## Community Supported TFLM Examples
This table captures platforms that TFLM has been ported to. Please see
[New Platform Support](tensorflow/lite/micro/docs/new_platform_support.md) for
additional documentation.

Platform      |    Status     |
-----------     | --------------|
Arduino         | [![Arduino](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro-arduino-examples/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg?event=schedule)](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro-arduino-examples/actions/workflows/ci.yml) [![Antmicro](https://github.com/antmicro/tensorflow-arduino-examples/actions/workflows/test_examples.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/antmicro/tensorflow-arduino-examples/actions/workflows/test_examples.yml) |
ESP32           | [![ESP32](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro/actions/workflows/esp32.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro/actions/workflows/esp32.yml) |
Sparkfun Edge   | [![Sparkfun Edge](https://github.com/advaitjain/tflite-micro-sparkfun-edge-examples/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg?event=schedule)](https://github.com/advaitjain/tflite-micro-sparkfun-edge-examples/actions/workflows/ci.yml)


## Community Supported Kernels and Unit Tests
This is a list of targets that have optimized kernel implementations and/or run
the TFLM unit tests using software emulation or instruction set simulators.

Build Type      |    Status     |
-----------     | --------------|
Cortex-M        | [![Cortex-M](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro/actions/workflows/cortex_m.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro/actions/workflows/cortex_m.yml) |
Hexagon         | [![Hexagon](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro/actions/workflows/hexagon.yml/badge.svg?event=schedule)](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro/actions/workflows/hexagon.yml) |
RISC-V          | [![RISC-V](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro/actions/workflows/riscv.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro/actions/workflows/riscv.yml) |
Xtensa          | [![Xtensa](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro/actions/workflows/xtensa.yml/badge.svg?event=schedule)](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro/actions/workflows/xtensa.yml?query=event%3Aschedule) [![Xtensa](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/advaitjain/tflite-micro/local-continuous-builds/tensorflow/lite/micro/docs/local_continuous_builds/xtensa-build-status.svg)](https://github.com/advaitjain/tflite-micro/tree/local-continuous-builds/tensorflow/lite/micro/docs/local_continuous_builds/xtensa.md#summary) |


# Contributing
See our [contribution documentation](CONTRIBUTING.md).

# Getting Help

A [Github issue](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro/issues/new/choose)
should be the primary method of getting in touch with the TensorFlow Lite Micro
(TFLM) team.

The following resources may also be useful:

1.  SIG Micro [email group](https://groups.google.com/a/tensorflow.org/g/micro)
    and
    [monthly meetings](http://doc/1YHq9rmhrOUdcZnrEnVCWvd87s2wQbq4z17HbeRl-DBc).

1.  SIG Micro [gitter chat room](https://gitter.im/tensorflow/sig-micro).

1. For questions that are not specific to inference with TFLM (for example
   model conversion and quantization) please use the following resources:
   * Send an email to the [TfLite Mailing List](https://groups.google.com/a/tensorflow.org/g/tflite)
   * Create a [TensorFlow Lite Converter Issue](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/issues/new?assignees=&labels=TFLiteConverter&template=60-tflite-converter-issue.md)
   * Create an issue in the [model optimization toolkit](https://github.com/tensorflow/model-optimization) GitHub repository


# Additional Documentation

 * [Continuous Integration](docs/continuous_integration.md)
 * [Benchmarks](tensorflow/lite/micro/benchmarks/README.md)
 * [Profiling](tensorflow/lite/micro/docs/profiling.md)
 * [Memory Management](tensorflow/lite/micro/docs/memory_management.md)
 * [Porting Reference Kernels from TfLite to TFLM](tensorflow/lite/micro/docs/porting_reference_ops.md)
 * [Optimized Kernel Implementations](tensorflow/lite/micro/docs/optimized_kernel_implementations.md)
 * [New Platform Support](tensorflow/lite/micro/docs/new_platform_support.md)
 * [Software Emulation with Renode](tensorflow/lite/micro/docs/renode.md)

# RFCs

1. [Pre-allocated tensors](tensorflow/lite/micro/docs/rfc/001_preallocated_tensors.md)
1. [TensorFlow Lite for Microcontrollers Port of 16x8 Quantized Operators](tensorflow/lite/micro/docs/rfc/002_16x8_quantization_port.md)
