tensorflow/lite/micro/kernels/cmsis_nn/README.md, before:

<!-- mdformat off(b/169948621#comment2) -->

# Info
CMSIS-NN is a library containing kernel optimizations for Arm(R) Cortex(TM)-M
processors. To use CMSIS-NN optimized kernels instead of reference kernels, add
`OPTIMIZED_KERNEL_DIR=cmsis_nn` to the make command line. See examples below.

For more information about the optimizations, check out
[CMSIS-NN documentation](https://github.com/ARM-software/CMSIS_5/blob/develop/CMSIS/NN/README.md).

By default CMSIS-NN is built by code that is downloaded to the TFLM tree.
It also possible to build CMSIS-NN code from an external path by specifying CMSIS_PATH=<../path>.
As a third option CMSIS-NN can be provided manually as an external library.
The examples below will illustrate this.

# Example - FVP based on Arm Corstone-300 software.
Building the kernel conv unit test.
For more information about this specific target, check out
[FVP based on Arm Corstone-300 software](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro/blob/main/tensorflow/lite/micro/cortex_m_corstone_300/README.md).

Downloaded CMSIS-NN code is built:
```
make -f tensorflow/lite/micro/tools/make/Makefile OPTIMIZED_KERNEL_DIR=cmsis_nn TARGET=cortex_m_corstone_300 TARGET_ARCH=cortex-m55 kernel_conv_test
```

External CMSIS-NN code is built:
```
make -f tensorflow/lite/micro/tools/make/Makefile OPTIMIZED_KERNEL_DIR=cmsis_nn CMSIS_PATH=<external/path/to/cmsis/> TARGET=cortex_m_corstone_300 TARGET_ARCH=cortex-m55 kernel_conv_test
```

External CMSIS-NN library is linked in:
```
make -f tensorflow/lite/micro/tools/make/Makefile OPTIMIZED_KERNEL_DIR=cmsis_nn CMSIS_NN_LIBS=<path/to/cmsis-nn.a> CMSIS_PATH=<path/to/cmsis/> TARGET=cortex_m_corstone_300 TARGET_ARCH=cortex-m55 kernel_conv_test
```

Please note that performance and/or size might be affected when using and external CMSIS-NN library as different compiler options may have been used.

Also please note that if specifying CMSIS_NN_LIBS but not CMSIS_PATH, headers and system/startup code from the default download path of CMSIS would be used. So CMSIS_NN_LIBS and CMSIS_PATH should have the same base path and if not there will be a build error.

Commit message:

Add Arm IP landing page readme
Plus re-phrasing and spelling fixes in other Arm readme's

Change-Id: I95b43850026b1fa45285fe044cf0ef5c119c114d

tensorflow/lite/micro/kernels/cmsis_nn/README.md, after:

<!-- mdformat off(b/169948621#comment2) -->

# Info
CMSIS-NN is a library containing kernel optimizations for Arm(R) Cortex(R)-M
processors. To use CMSIS-NN optimized kernels instead of reference kernels, add
`OPTIMIZED_KERNEL_DIR=cmsis_nn` to the make command line. See examples below.

For more information about the optimizations, check out
[CMSIS-NN documentation](https://github.com/ARM-software/CMSIS_5/blob/develop/CMSIS/NN/README.md).

By default CMSIS-NN is built by code that is downloaded to the TFLM tree.
It also possible to build CMSIS-NN code from an external path by specifying
CMSIS_PATH=<../path>. As a third option CMSIS-NN can be provided manually as an
external library. The examples below will illustrate this.

# Example - FVP based on Arm Corstone-300 software.
In this example, the kernel conv unit test is built. For more information about
this specific target, check out the [Corstone-300 readme](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro/tree/main/tensorflow/lite/micro/cortex_m_corstone_300/README.md).

Downloaded CMSIS-NN code is built:
```
make -f tensorflow/lite/micro/tools/make/Makefile OPTIMIZED_KERNEL_DIR=cmsis_nn TARGET=cortex_m_corstone_300 TARGET_ARCH=cortex-m55 kernel_conv_test
```

External CMSIS-NN code is built:
```
make -f tensorflow/lite/micro/tools/make/Makefile OPTIMIZED_KERNEL_DIR=cmsis_nn CMSIS_PATH=<external/path/to/cmsis/> TARGET=cortex_m_corstone_300 TARGET_ARCH=cortex-m55 kernel_conv_test
```

External CMSIS-NN library is linked in:
```
make -f tensorflow/lite/micro/tools/make/Makefile OPTIMIZED_KERNEL_DIR=cmsis_nn CMSIS_NN_LIBS=<path/to/cmsis-nn.a> CMSIS_PATH=<path/to/cmsis/> TARGET=cortex_m_corstone_300 TARGET_ARCH=cortex-m55 kernel_conv_test
```

Please note that performance and/or size might be affected when using an
external CMSIS-NN library as different compiler options may have been used.

Also note that if specifying CMSIS_NN_LIBS but not CMSIS_PATH, headers and
system/startup code from the default downloaded path of CMSIS would be used. So
CMSIS_NN_LIBS and CMSIS_PATH should have the same base path and if not there
will be a build error.
