tensorflow/lite/micro/cortex_m_corstone_300/README.md, before:

 <!-- mdformat off(b/169948621#comment2) -->

# Running a fixed virtual platform based on Arm(R) Corstone(TM)-300 software

This target makes use of a fixed virtual platform (FVP) based on Arm
Corstone-300 software. More info about Arm Corstone-300 software:
https://developer.arm.com/ip-products/subsystem/corstone/corstone-300. More info
about FVPs:
https://developer.arm.com/tools-and-software/simulation-models/fixed-virtual-platforms.

To fullfill the needed requirements it is depending the following projects:

-   Arm Ethos-U Core Platform:
    https://review.mlplatform.org/admin/repos/ml/ethos-u/ethos-u-core-platform.
    -   Arm Ethos-U Core Platform provides the linker file as well as UART and
        retarget functions.
-   CMSIS: https://github.com/ARM-software/CMSIS_5.
    -   CMSIS provides startup functionality, e.g. for setting up interrupt
        handlers and clock speed.

# General build info

This target is based on the cortex_m_generic target and except that for now the
only supported toolchain is GCC, the same general build info applies:
tensorflow/lite/micro/cortex_m_generic/README.md.

Required parameters:

-   TARGET: cortex_m_corstone_300
-   TARGET_ARCH: cortex-mXX (For all options see:
    tensorflow/lite/micro/tools/make/targets/cortex_m_corstone_300_makefile.inc)

# How to run

Note that Corstone-300 is targetted for Cortex-M55 but it is backwards
compatible. This means one could potentially run it for example with a
Cortex-M7. Note that the clock speed would be that of an Cortex-M55. This may
not matter when running unit tests or for debugging.

Some examples:

```
make -j -f tensorflow/lite/micro/tools/make/Makefile CO_PROCESSOR=ethos_u TARGET=cortex_m_corstone_300 TARGET_ARCH=cortex-m55 test_network_tester_test
make -j -f tensorflow/lite/micro/tools/make/Makefile OPTIMIZED_KERNEL_DIR=cmsis_nn TARGET=cortex_m_corstone_300 TARGET_ARCH=cortex-m55 test_network_tester_test
make -j -f tensorflow/lite/micro/tools/make/Makefile CO_PROCESSOR=ethos_u OPTIMIZED_KERNEL_DIR=cmsis_nn TARGET=cortex_m_corstone_300 TARGET_ARCH=cortex-m55 test_network_tester_test
make -j -f tensorflow/lite/micro/tools/make/Makefile TARGET=cortex_m_corstone_300 TARGET_ARCH=cortex-m55 test_network_tester_test
make -j -f tensorflow/lite/micro/tools/make/Makefile TARGET=cortex_m_corstone_300 TARGET_ARCH=cortex-m55 test_kernel_fully_connected_test
make -j -f tensorflow/lite/micro/tools/make/Makefile OPTIMIZED_KERNEL_DIR=cmsis_nn TARGET=cortex_m_corstone_300 TARGET_ARCH=cortex-m7+fp test_kernel_fully_connected_test
make -j -f tensorflow/lite/micro/tools/make/Makefile TARGET=cortex_m_corstone_300 TARGET_ARCH=cortex-m3 test_kernel_fully_connected_test
```

Commit message:

Add Arm Compiler 6 support to Corstone-300 target (#175)
* Put location variables before target .inc's are included

They can be useful in the target .inc

Change-Id: I0ee3f77f79be272f4dc3502fb4a38017d8162fa1

* Add ARMC6 compiler support for Corstone-300 target

  * Use fromelf instead of objcopy for armclang toolchain when
    generating a binary
  * Add ARMC6 linker and build flags to the Corstone-330 target
  * Add RETARGET macro in patch script to avoid undefined symbol
    build error for ARMC6.
  * Use a reduced set of Cortex-M CPU's for easier maintenance.

Change-Id: Id9a20d57fa4fa0f1339f44523417e2dabfe7e152

* Review comment - Override exit symbol only for GCC

Change-Id: I93628c92ee352f36c7e7dd99351e4a73c29a8d30

* Review comment - Change how to pass linker options for ARMC6

Change-Id: Iacec5a6df6902bc8a14f460d63ae917039f982cc

* Review comment - correct the upmerge

Change-Id: I9a250f6a444336f9b95428a126a94a18f40060dc

Co-authored-by: Advait Jain <advaitjain@users.noreply.github.com>

tensorflow/lite/micro/cortex_m_corstone_300/README.md, after:

 <!-- mdformat off(b/169948621#comment2) -->

# Running a fixed virtual platform based on Arm(R) Corstone(TM)-300 software

This target makes use of a fixed virtual platform (FVP) based on Arm
Corstone-300 software. More info about Arm Corstone-300 software:
https://developer.arm.com/ip-products/subsystem/corstone/corstone-300. More info
about FVPs:
https://developer.arm.com/tools-and-software/simulation-models/fixed-virtual-platforms.

To fullfill the needed requirements it is depending the following projects:

-   Arm Ethos-U Core Platform:
    https://review.mlplatform.org/admin/repos/ml/ethos-u/ethos-u-core-platform.
    -   Arm Ethos-U Core Platform provides the linker file as well as UART and
        retarget functions.
-   CMSIS: https://github.com/ARM-software/CMSIS_5.
    -   CMSIS provides startup functionality, e.g. for setting up interrupt
        handlers and clock speed.

# General build info

You can compile this target for multiple Cortex-M CPUs. See below.

Required parameters:

-   TARGET: cortex_m_corstone_300
-   TARGET_ARCH: cortex-mXX (For all options see:
    tensorflow/lite/micro/tools/make/targets/cortex_m_corstone_300_makefile.inc)

# How to run

Note that Corstone-300 emulates a Cortex-M55 system, but it is backwards
compatible. This means one could run code compiled for e.g. a Cortex-M7.
Note that the clock speed would be that of an Cortex-M55. This may not matter
when running unit tests or for debugging.

Some examples:

```
make -j -f tensorflow/lite/micro/tools/make/Makefile CO_PROCESSOR=ethos_u TARGET=cortex_m_corstone_300 TARGET_ARCH=cortex-m55 test_network_tester_test
make -j -f tensorflow/lite/micro/tools/make/Makefile OPTIMIZED_KERNEL_DIR=cmsis_nn TARGET=cortex_m_corstone_300 TARGET_ARCH=cortex-m55 test_network_tester_test
make -j -f tensorflow/lite/micro/tools/make/Makefile CO_PROCESSOR=ethos_u OPTIMIZED_KERNEL_DIR=cmsis_nn TARGET=cortex_m_corstone_300 TARGET_ARCH=cortex-m55 test_network_tester_test
make -j -f tensorflow/lite/micro/tools/make/Makefile TARGET=cortex_m_corstone_300 TARGET_ARCH=cortex-m55 test_network_tester_test
make -j -f tensorflow/lite/micro/tools/make/Makefile TARGET=cortex_m_corstone_300 TARGET_ARCH=cortex-m55 test_kernel_fully_connected_test
make -j -f tensorflow/lite/micro/tools/make/Makefile OPTIMIZED_KERNEL_DIR=cmsis_nn TARGET=cortex_m_corstone_300 TARGET_ARCH=cortex-m7+fp test_kernel_fully_connected_test
make -j -f tensorflow/lite/micro/tools/make/Makefile TARGET=cortex_m_corstone_300 TARGET_ARCH=cortex-m3 test_kernel_fully_connected_test
make -j -f tensorflow/lite/micro/tools/make/Makefile TARGET=cortex_m_corstone_300 TARGET_ARCH=cortex-m55 BUILD_TYPE=release_with_logs TOOLCHAIN=armclang test_hello_world_test
```
