tensorflow/lite/micro/docs/memory_management.md, before:

<!-- mdformat off(b/169948621#comment2) -->

<!--
Semi-automated TOC generation with instructions from
https://github.com/ekalinin/github-markdown-toc#auto-insert-and-update-toc
-->

<!--ts-->
   * [Memory Management in TensorFlow Lite Micro](#memory-management-in-tensorflow-lite-micro)
      * [Tensor Arena](#tensor-arena)
         * [Head Section](#head-section)
            * [Offline planned tensor allocations](#offline-planned-tensor-allocations)
         * [Temporary Section](#temporary-section)
         * [Tail Section](#tail-section)
      * [Recording Memory APIs](#recording-memory-apis)
         * [Allocation Section Details](#allocation-section-details)

<!-- Added by: freddan80, at: Mon 29 Mar 2021 01:47:42 PM CEST -->

<!--te-->

# Memory Management in TensorFlow Lite Micro

This document outlines how memory is managed internally by TensorFlow Lite Micro
(TFLM) today. It outlines the "online" allocation strategy used by the default
TFLM APIs for loading a model into a shared tensor arena.

## Tensor Arena

The main "working" space for TFLM allocations is inside a single `char` or
`int8_t` buffer. This buffer can be managed by passing it directly into a
`tflite::MicroInterpreter` constructor or through a `tflite::MicroAllocator`
instance that can be passed into a `tflite::MicroInterpreter` constructor.
Internally, the `tflite::MicroAllocator` classifies allocations into 3 different
sections:

*   **Head** - non-persistent allocations.
*   **Temporary** - short term "scoped" allocations.
*   **Tail** - persistent allocations.

The illustration below represents typical allocations in TFLM:

```
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
|        |                     |                                               |
|  HEAD  |<--  TEMPORARY    -->|                    TAIL                       |
|        |                     |                                               |
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Lowest Address                                               Highest Address *
```

### Head Section

This non-persistent section typically holds shared Tensor buffers. This section
does not allocate small iterative chunks, it can only be set by a specific
length for the entire section.

This allocation length of this section is managed by the
`tflite::GreedyMemoryPlanner`. That memory planner looks at the entire graph of
a model and tries to reuse as many buffers as possible to create the smallest
length for the head. The Tensor buffers for this section can be accessed via a
`TfLiteEvalTensor` or `TfLiteTensor` instance on the `tflite::MicroInterpreter`.

#### Offline planned tensor allocations

All, or a subset of, tensors can be allocated using an offline planner. An
offline planner performs tensor allocation on e.g. a host PC. The offline tensor
allocation plan is added to model metadata. See format below.

For each non-constant tensor in the `tensors:[Tensor]` list of the subgraph, a
byte offset to the start of the head section of the memory arena is given. -1
indicates that the tensor will be allocated at runtime by the
`tflite::GreedyMemoryPlanner`. The offline plan is permitted to overlap buffers
if it knows that the data will not be used at the same time.

The offline tensor allocation plan will be encoded in the `metadata:[Metadata]`
field of the model, using the following encoding:

| Metadata component | Value |
|-|-|
| name:string | “OfflineMemoryAllocation” |
| buffer:unit | Index of buffer containing offline tensor allocation data |

The buffer contents for the offline tensor allocation is a list of 32-bit
integers of the following format:

| Offset | Value |
|-|-|
| 0 | Offline allocation format version |
| 1 | Subgraph index to which this allocation applies |
| 2 | Number offsets following: n |
| 3 | Byte offset of tensor #0 or -1 to allocate at runtime |
| 4 | Byte offset of tensor #1 or -1 to allocate at runtime |
| ... | ... |
| 3+(n-1) | Byte offset of tensor #(n-1) or -1 to allocate at runtime |

The `tflite::GreedyMemoryPlanner` treats the provided offline tensor allocation
plan as constant fixed offset to the start of the head section and will attempt
to fit any other tensors (such as scratch tensors added a runtime using the
`RequestScratchBufferInArena` API of `TfLiteContext`) around those fixed
offsets.

### Temporary Section

This section is used to allocate "scoped" or short-term, non-guaranteed buffers.
Allocations from this section start from the current end address of the head
section and grow towards the tail section. An allocation chain can be reset (and
must be reset before adjusting the head) and moves the current allocation start
address back to the end of the head section.

TFLM currently uses these allocations for a scope allocation of large C structs
or scratch memory that is expected to be valid for at least the lifetime of a
method call. This section.

### Tail Section

This section holds all persistent allocations used by TFLM. This section
contains many random sized allocations and grows towards the end of the head
section. Allocations in this section come from a variety of areas inside of
TFLM. TFLM provides a [recording API](#Recording-Memory-APIs) to assist with
auditing the contents of this section.

## Recording Memory APIs

TFLM provides simple APIs for auditing memory usage in the shared tensor arena.
These APIs are opt-in and require some additional memory overhead and a working
debug logging implementation
[(reference implementation)](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro/blob/main/tensorflow/lite/micro/debug_log.cc).

A typical bare-bones TFLM interpreter setup looks as such:

```c++
// Buffer for the tensor arena:
size_t tensor_arena_size = 2048;
uint8_t tensor_arena[tensor_arena_size];

// Interpreter using the shared tensor arena above:
tflite::MicroInterpreter interpreter(
  tflite::GetModel(my_model_data), ops_resolver,
  tensor_arena, tensor_arena_size, error_reporter);

// Invoke one time which will allocate internals:
if (interpreter.Invoke() != kTfLiteOk) {
  TF_LITE_REPORT_ERROR(error_reporter, "Exception during invoke()!");
}
```

Recording API can simply be used by including the `RecordingMicroInterpreter`
class (`recording_micro_interpreter.h`) and replace `tflite::MicroInterpreter`
with `tflite::RecordingMicroInterpreter`. The same call to `invoke()` is
performed, but another call is made to `PrintAllocations()` which will output
detailed allocation logging:

```c++
// Add an include to the recording API:
#include "recording_micro_interpreter.h"

// Simply change the class name from 'MicroInterpreter' to 'RecordingMicroInterpreter':
tflite::RecordingMicroInterpreter interpreter(
  tflite::GetModel(my_model_data), ops_resolver,
  tensor_arena, tensor_arena_size, error_reporter);

// Invoke one time which will allocate internals:
if (interpreter.Invoke() != kTfLiteOk) {
  TF_LITE_REPORT_ERROR(error_reporter, "Exception during invoke()!");
}

// Print out detailed allocation information:
interpreter.GetMicroAllocator().PrintAllocations();
```

The output of this call will look something similar to this (output from the
[memory_arena_threshold_test](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro/blob/main/tensorflow/lite/micro/memory_arena_threshold_test.cc#L205)):

```bash
[RecordingMicroAllocator] Arena allocation total 9568 bytes
[RecordingMicroAllocator] Arena allocation head 7744 bytes
[RecordingMicroAllocator] Arena allocation tail 1824 bytes
[RecordingMicroAllocator] 'TfLiteEvalTensor data' used 360 bytes with alignment overhead (requested 360 bytes for 15 allocations)
[RecordingMicroAllocator] 'Persistent TfLiteTensor data' used 0 bytes with alignment overhead (requested 0 bytes for 0 tensors)
[RecordingMicroAllocator] 'Persistent TfLiteTensor quantization data' used 0 bytes with alignment overhead (requested 0 bytes for 0 allocations)
[RecordingMicroAllocator] 'TfLiteTensor variable buffer data' used 0 bytes with alignment overhead (requested 0 bytes for 0 allocations)
[RecordingMicroAllocator] 'NodeAndRegistration struct' used 392 bytes with alignment overhead (requested 392 bytes for 7 NodeAndRegistration structs)
[RecordingMicroAllocator] 'Operator runtime data' used 136 bytes with alignment overhead (requested 136 bytes for 5 OpData structs)
```

### Allocation Section Details

More information about each recorded allocation section:

*   'TfLiteEvalTensor data'
    *   C struct that holds the data type, dimension, and a pointer to the
        buffer representing the Tensor.
*   'Persistent TfLiteTensor data'
    *   C struct that holds more information than a `TfLiteEvalTensor` struct in
        the graph.
    *   Allocations in this bucket will only show up when accessing tensors from
        the accessors on `tflite::MicroInterpreter`.
*   'Persistent TfLiteTensor quantization data'
    *   Length of persistent quantization data assigned to persistent
        `TfLiteTensor` structs.
    *   Allocations in this bucket will only show up when accessing tensors from
        the accessors on `tflite::MicroInterpreter`.
*   'TfLiteTensor variable buffer data'
    *   Length of buffer data from a variable tensor (retains data throughout
        calls to `invoke()`).
*   'NodeAndRegistration struct'
    *   C struct that holds a `TfLiteRegistration` and `TfLiteNode` struct
        instance.
    *   Each operator in a model will contain one `NodeAndRegistration` struct.
*   'Operator runtime data'
    *   Persistent allocations of data cached by TFLM kernels (e.g. quantization
        params, multipliers, etc).

Commit message:

Update documentation to reflect the unused version and subgraph ID

tensorflow/lite/micro/docs/memory_management.md, after:

<!-- mdformat off(b/169948621#comment2) -->

<!--
Semi-automated TOC generation with instructions from
https://github.com/ekalinin/github-markdown-toc#auto-insert-and-update-toc
-->

<!--ts-->
   * [Memory Management in TensorFlow Lite Micro](#memory-management-in-tensorflow-lite-micro)
      * [Tensor Arena](#tensor-arena)
         * [Head Section](#head-section)
            * [Offline planned tensor allocations](#offline-planned-tensor-allocations)
         * [Temporary Section](#temporary-section)
         * [Tail Section](#tail-section)
      * [Recording Memory APIs](#recording-memory-apis)
         * [Allocation Section Details](#allocation-section-details)

<!-- Added by: freddan80, at: Mon 29 Mar 2021 01:47:42 PM CEST -->

<!--te-->

# Memory Management in TensorFlow Lite Micro

This document outlines how memory is managed internally by TensorFlow Lite Micro
(TFLM) today. It outlines the "online" allocation strategy used by the default
TFLM APIs for loading a model into a shared tensor arena.

## Tensor Arena

The main "working" space for TFLM allocations is inside a single `char` or
`int8_t` buffer. This buffer can be managed by passing it directly into a
`tflite::MicroInterpreter` constructor or through a `tflite::MicroAllocator`
instance that can be passed into a `tflite::MicroInterpreter` constructor.
Internally, the `tflite::MicroAllocator` classifies allocations into 3 different
sections:

*   **Head** - non-persistent allocations.
*   **Temporary** - short term "scoped" allocations.
*   **Tail** - persistent allocations.

The illustration below represents typical allocations in TFLM:

```
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
|        |                     |                                               |
|  HEAD  |<--  TEMPORARY    -->|                    TAIL                       |
|        |                     |                                               |
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Lowest Address                                               Highest Address *
```

### Head Section

This non-persistent section typically holds shared Tensor buffers. This section
does not allocate small iterative chunks, it can only be set by a specific
length for the entire section.

This allocation length of this section is managed by the
`tflite::GreedyMemoryPlanner`. That memory planner looks at the entire graph of
a model and tries to reuse as many buffers as possible to create the smallest
length for the head. The Tensor buffers for this section can be accessed via a
`TfLiteEvalTensor` or `TfLiteTensor` instance on the `tflite::MicroInterpreter`.

#### Offline planned tensor allocations

All, or a subset of, tensors can be allocated using an offline planner. An
offline planner performs tensor allocation on e.g. a host PC. The offline tensor
allocation plan is added to model metadata. See format below.

For each non-constant tensor in the `tensors:[Tensor]` list of the subgraph, a
byte offset to the start of the head section of the memory arena is given. -1
indicates that the tensor will be allocated at runtime by the
`tflite::GreedyMemoryPlanner`. The offline plan is permitted to overlap buffers
if it knows that the data will not be used at the same time.

The offline tensor allocation plan will be encoded in the `metadata:[Metadata]`
field of the model, using the following encoding:

| Metadata component | Value |
|-|-|
| name:string | “OfflineMemoryAllocation” |
| buffer:unit | Index of buffer containing offline tensor allocation data |

The buffer contents for the offline tensor allocation is a list of 32-bit
integers of the following format:

| Offset | Value |
|-|-|
| 0 | Offline allocation format version |
| 1 | Subgraph index to which this allocation applies |
| 2 | Number offsets following: n |
| 3 | Byte offset of tensor #0 or -1 to allocate at runtime |
| 4 | Byte offset of tensor #1 or -1 to allocate at runtime |
| ... | ... |
| 3+(n-1) | Byte offset of tensor #(n-1) or -1 to allocate at runtime |

Note that offsets 0 (the version) and 1 (the subgraph index) are currently
ignored by the micro memory allocator. Instead, it assumes all tensors for all
subgraphs are concatenated: all tensors for the first subgraph are first,
followed by those of the second subgraph, etc.

The `tflite::GreedyMemoryPlanner` treats the provided offline tensor allocation
plan as constant fixed offset to the start of the head section and will attempt
to fit any other tensors (such as scratch tensors added a runtime using the
`RequestScratchBufferInArena` API of `TfLiteContext`) around those fixed
offsets.

### Temporary Section

This section is used to allocate "scoped" or short-term, non-guaranteed buffers.
Allocations from this section start from the current end address of the head
section and grow towards the tail section. An allocation chain can be reset (and
must be reset before adjusting the head) and moves the current allocation start
address back to the end of the head section.

TFLM currently uses these allocations for a scope allocation of large C structs
or scratch memory that is expected to be valid for at least the lifetime of a
method call. This section.

### Tail Section

This section holds all persistent allocations used by TFLM. This section
contains many random sized allocations and grows towards the end of the head
section. Allocations in this section come from a variety of areas inside of
TFLM. TFLM provides a [recording API](#Recording-Memory-APIs) to assist with
auditing the contents of this section.

## Recording Memory APIs

TFLM provides simple APIs for auditing memory usage in the shared tensor arena.
These APIs are opt-in and require some additional memory overhead and a working
debug logging implementation
[(reference implementation)](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro/blob/main/tensorflow/lite/micro/debug_log.cc).

A typical bare-bones TFLM interpreter setup looks as such:

```c++
// Buffer for the tensor arena:
size_t tensor_arena_size = 2048;
uint8_t tensor_arena[tensor_arena_size];

// Interpreter using the shared tensor arena above:
tflite::MicroInterpreter interpreter(
  tflite::GetModel(my_model_data), ops_resolver,
  tensor_arena, tensor_arena_size, error_reporter);

// Invoke one time which will allocate internals:
if (interpreter.Invoke() != kTfLiteOk) {
  TF_LITE_REPORT_ERROR(error_reporter, "Exception during invoke()!");
}
```

Recording API can simply be used by including the `RecordingMicroInterpreter`
class (`recording_micro_interpreter.h`) and replace `tflite::MicroInterpreter`
with `tflite::RecordingMicroInterpreter`. The same call to `invoke()` is
performed, but another call is made to `PrintAllocations()` which will output
detailed allocation logging:

```c++
// Add an include to the recording API:
#include "recording_micro_interpreter.h"

// Simply change the class name from 'MicroInterpreter' to 'RecordingMicroInterpreter':
tflite::RecordingMicroInterpreter interpreter(
  tflite::GetModel(my_model_data), ops_resolver,
  tensor_arena, tensor_arena_size, error_reporter);

// Invoke one time which will allocate internals:
if (interpreter.Invoke() != kTfLiteOk) {
  TF_LITE_REPORT_ERROR(error_reporter, "Exception during invoke()!");
}

// Print out detailed allocation information:
interpreter.GetMicroAllocator().PrintAllocations();
```

The output of this call will look something similar to this (output from the
[memory_arena_threshold_test](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro/blob/main/tensorflow/lite/micro/memory_arena_threshold_test.cc#L205)):

```bash
[RecordingMicroAllocator] Arena allocation total 9568 bytes
[RecordingMicroAllocator] Arena allocation head 7744 bytes
[RecordingMicroAllocator] Arena allocation tail 1824 bytes
[RecordingMicroAllocator] 'TfLiteEvalTensor data' used 360 bytes with alignment overhead (requested 360 bytes for 15 allocations)
[RecordingMicroAllocator] 'Persistent TfLiteTensor data' used 0 bytes with alignment overhead (requested 0 bytes for 0 tensors)
[RecordingMicroAllocator] 'Persistent TfLiteTensor quantization data' used 0 bytes with alignment overhead (requested 0 bytes for 0 allocations)
[RecordingMicroAllocator] 'TfLiteTensor variable buffer data' used 0 bytes with alignment overhead (requested 0 bytes for 0 allocations)
[RecordingMicroAllocator] 'NodeAndRegistration struct' used 392 bytes with alignment overhead (requested 392 bytes for 7 NodeAndRegistration structs)
[RecordingMicroAllocator] 'Operator runtime data' used 136 bytes with alignment overhead (requested 136 bytes for 5 OpData structs)
```

### Allocation Section Details

More information about each recorded allocation section:

*   'TfLiteEvalTensor data'
    *   C struct that holds the data type, dimension, and a pointer to the
        buffer representing the Tensor.
*   'Persistent TfLiteTensor data'
    *   C struct that holds more information than a `TfLiteEvalTensor` struct in
        the graph.
    *   Allocations in this bucket will only show up when accessing tensors from
        the accessors on `tflite::MicroInterpreter`.
*   'Persistent TfLiteTensor quantization data'
    *   Length of persistent quantization data assigned to persistent
        `TfLiteTensor` structs.
    *   Allocations in this bucket will only show up when accessing tensors from
        the accessors on `tflite::MicroInterpreter`.
*   'TfLiteTensor variable buffer data'
    *   Length of buffer data from a variable tensor (retains data throughout
        calls to `invoke()`).
*   'NodeAndRegistration struct'
    *   C struct that holds a `TfLiteRegistration` and `TfLiteNode` struct
        instance.
    *   Each operator in a model will contain one `NodeAndRegistration` struct.
*   'Operator runtime data'
    *   Persistent allocations of data cached by TFLM kernels (e.g. quantization
        params, multipliers, etc).
