docs/continuous_integration.md, before:

<!--ts-->
   * [Automated Sync from the Tensorflow Repository](#automated-sync-from-the-tensorflow-repository)
   * [Third Party GitHub Actions Used](#third-party-github-actions-used)

<!-- Added by: advaitjain, at: Thu 29 Apr 2021 12:54:23 PM PDT -->

<!--te-->

[TensorFlow repo]: https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow

# Automated Sync from the Tensorflow Repository

While TfLite Micro and TfLite are in separate GitHub repositories, the two
projects continue to share common code.

The [TensorFlow repo][] is the single source of truth for this
shared code. As a result, any changes to this shared code must be made in the
[TensorFlow repo][] which will then automatically sync'd via a scheduled
[GitHub workflow](../.github/workflows/sync.yml).


# Third Party GitHub Actions
We use the following third party actions as part of the TFLM continuous
integration system.

 * [Create a PR](https://github.com/peter-evans/create-pull-request) to automate
   sync'ing of shared TfLite and TFLM code.

Commit message:

Groundwork to enable python format checks (via yapf) as part of the CI.
With this change:
 * we are set up to use yapf as part of the docker container
 * pigweed patch is updated to use the google Python style (pep8 with indent of 2 spaces)
 * some documentation updates.

The code still needs to be formatted, and then the Python formatting check will be turned on as part of ci.

BUG=http://b/194404216

docs/continuous_integration.md, after:

<!--ts-->
   * [Automated Sync from the Tensorflow Repository](#automated-sync-from-the-tensorflow-repository)
   * [Third Party GitHub Actions Used](#third-party-github-actions-used)

<!-- Added by: advaitjain, at: Thu 29 Apr 2021 12:54:23 PM PDT -->

<!--te-->

[TensorFlow repo]: https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow

# Continuous Integration System
  * See the [github workflow files](.github/workflows/ci.yml) for details on
    exactly what is run as part of the GitHub Actions CI.

  * Tests can also be run from within a docker container:
   ```
   docker build -t tflm-test -f ci/Dockerfile.micro .
   ```

   or use the tflm-ci docker image from [here](https://github.com/users/TFLM-bot/packages/container/package/tflm-ci).

  * You will still need to copy or mount your fork of tflite-micro on to this
    docker container prior to running any tests.

# Automated Sync from the Tensorflow Repository

While TfLite Micro and TfLite are in separate GitHub repositories, the two
projects continue to share common code.

The [TensorFlow repo][] is the single source of truth for this
shared code. As a result, any changes to this shared code must be made in the
[TensorFlow repo][] which will then automatically sync'd via a scheduled
[GitHub workflow](../.github/workflows/sync.yml).


# Third Party GitHub Actions
We use the following third party actions as part of the TFLM continuous
integration system.

 * [Create a PR](https://github.com/peter-evans/create-pull-request) to automate
   sync'ing of shared TfLite and TFLM code.
